hey what's up everybody welcome back
it's Brandon again and obviously we're
in the kitchen and surprise surprise
we're making something that's buffalo
chicken inspired power this is going to
be a little bit different because if
you've seen my other buffalo chicken
recipes they usually take a long time to
prepare whether it be in the crock-pot
or in the oven so today I'm going to
show you ingredients you can buy that
are pretty much just ready to go it
takes hardly any time yet it still gives
you that buffalo chicken kick that
you're looking for so let's take a look
at the ingredients and get cooking
okay real simple yours going to strip
all the chicken off the skin as well and
then cut it up into small pieces as I'm
doing here once we do that we're going
to get the actual sauce ready so we're
taking a half a cup of the buffalo sauce
and pouring it into a bowl from there
we're going to want to go ahead and add
our Greek yogurt now the recipe calls
for a half a cup instead of buying a big
package of Greek yogurt I bought two
smaller ones as it's cheaper and I
probably wouldn't end up using the rest
anyway so this one is six ounces and
then I'm going to add probably about
another two ounces just gonna eyeball it
here you can get more specific if you
choose
you'll see me adding salt and pepper
next on this really use your own
judgment because our tastes dairy I like
a good amount of salt and pepper myself
once that's all in the bowl I'm just
going to whisk everything together until
we get a nice smooth consistency so next
we're just going to add 1/2 a cup of
blue cheese this is the crumbled version
you can really use whatever cheese suits
your needs you could probably even use
shredded cheese if you want however the
blue cheese crumbles here really makes
this more authentic in my opinion once
that's done we're going to go ahead and
cut up our celery I'm not giving you a
specific measurement here because again
it really varies based off of your taste
once that's chopped up we're just going
to go ahead and put that in the bowl as
well so once all that's in you're going
to want to go ahead and add your chicken
now for this if you're using a lot of
chicken like I am make sure you have a
big enough Bowl to fit it all or else
it's going to be very hard to mix
one thing I almost forgot was to add the
shredded carrots you can trend these
yourself if you want I just bought the
pre-made one because it's easier and
again use as much as you like then last
part of this we're just gonna whisk it
all together so you see me here just
making sure I get everything coated nice
and smooth this might take a while
depending on the consistency you want so
take a couple minutes to make sure that
everything gets coated well after this
is done you can add it to whatever you
want whether it be a sandwich a wrap a
salad before serving which is one cup
you're looking at 275 calories 5 carbs
41 protein and 10 fat